Allow consumers of `H5GroveProvider` to pass their own fetcher (#1806)
silx-kit/h5web: packages/app/README.md

The path and/or name of the file to display in the UI.

#### `axiosConfig?: AxiosRequestConfig` (optional)

By default, `H5GroveProvider` does not make any assumption as to how to
configure its internal [axios](https://axios-http.com/docs/req_config) client.
If you use one of H5Grove's default API implementations, then you'll need to use
this prop to pass the `file` query parameter as shown above.
#### `fetcher?: Fetcher` (optional)

If your API server requires authentication or is on a different domain, you'll
need to pass the necessary request headers and configuration as well.
An optional asynchronous function to fetch data and metadata from an h5grove
back-end. The function accepts a URL together with some query parameters and
options, and is expected to return a promise that resolves to an `ArrayBuffer`.

> Remember to memoise or extract your `axiosConfig` object so the fetching cache

> > does not get cleared if/when your app re-renders.

Reviewer: If I understand correctly, this warning still relevant for the `fetcher`. So I think it should appear here as well.

> is sufficient to start with, it has significant limitations. If you need to pass

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is sufficient to start with, it has significant limitations (e.g. it does not request progress tracking). A custom fetcher can be given to support, for example, authentication.
Note that H5Web provides such as a fetcher (cf. [`createAxiosFetcher`](#createaxiosfetcher)) that can be used to show request progress when fetching data.
```
